Jeiwan

high

# Gamer rewards can be locked in the vault indefinitely

## Summary
A gamer can lose a portion of their rewards when they redeem rewards from 2 or more baskets in the same rebalancing period: only the rewards of the last basket can be withdrawn and previously redeemed rewards remain locked in the vault.
## Vulnerability Detail
Gamers are participants who allocate funds to yield generating protocols; as a reward, they receive a share of the yield. Gamers can redeem rewards per basket via the [Game.redeemRewards](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Game.sol#L545) function: the function reserves an amount of rewards in the vault via the [MainVault.redeemRewardsGame](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol#L194) function. The reserved amount can be withdrawn in the next rebalancing period using the [MainVault.withdrawRewards](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol#L208) function.

As can be seen from the code, in `withdrawRewards`, the user can withdraw as much as `user.rewardAllowance`:
```solidity
require(rebalancingPeriod > user.rewardRequestPeriod, "!Funds");

value = user.rewardAllowance;
value = checkForBalance(value);

reservedFunds -= value;
delete user.rewardAllowance;
delete user.rewardRequestPeriod;
```

In `redeemRewardsGame`, `user.rewardAllowance` is set to the requested amount:
```solidity
user.rewardAllowance = _value;
```

However, if a gamer redeems rewards from 2 or more baskets in the same rebalancing period, the previous value of `user.rewardAllowance` will be overwritten by the most recent redeeming. Consider this scenario:
1. A gamer has two baskets, with IDs 1 and 2.
1. Basket 1 has accumulated 100 reward tokens and basket 2 has accumulated 10 reward tokens.
1. The gamer calls `Game.redeemRewards` and passes basket 1. In `MainVault`, the value of `rewardAllowance` of the gamer is 100, which is the amount of rewards in the first basket.
1. The gamer calls `Game.redeemRewards` and passes basket 2. This call will overwrite the value of `rewardAllowance` and will set it to 10. However, [both rewards wil be subtracted from the properties of the baskets](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Game.sol#L549-L550)-they cannot be redeemed again.
1. After rebalancing, the gamer calls `MainVault.withdrawRewards` and receives only 10 reward tokens. The 100 reward tokens will remain locked in the vault forever.

The reason why the first redeemed tokens will remain locked is that, in `MainVault.redeemRewardsGame`, the value of `totalWithdrawalRequests` will be increased by the both rewards:
```solidity
user.rewardAllowance = _value;
user.rewardRequestPeriod = rebalancingPeriod;
totalWithdrawalRequests += _value;
```

During rebalancing, the value of `totalWithdrawalRequests` is [added to the amount of reserved funds](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol#L337)–these funds can only be withdrawn via [MainVault.withdrawAllowance](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol#L166) or [MainVault.withdrawRewards](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol#L208). But since `redeemRewardsGame` overwrites previous value of `rewardAllowance` the overwritten amounts can never be withdrawn.
## Impact
Gamers can lose a portion of their rewards when they redeem rewards from 2 or more baskets in the same rebalancing period. The lost rewards will remain locked in the vault forever.
## Code Snippet
1. `Game.redeemRewards` allows a gamer with withdraw rewards accumulated by a basket:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Game.sol#L545
1. `MainVault.redeemRewardsGame` reserves redeemed rewards in the vault and overwrites previous value of `rewardAllowance`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol#L194
1. `MainVault.withdrawRewards` allows gamers to withdraw redeemed rewards:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol#L208
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
Consider this change:
```diff
diff --git a/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol b/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol
index 8739e24..9b27658 100644
--- a/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol
+++ b/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol
@@ -198,7 +198,7 @@ contract MainVault is Vault, VaultToken {
     UserInfo storage user = userInfo[_user];
     require(user.rewardAllowance == 0, allowanceError);

-    user.rewardAllowance = _value;
+    user.rewardAllowance += _value;
     user.rewardRequestPeriod = rebalancingPeriod;
     totalWithdrawalRequests += _value;
   }
```