nobody2018

high

# Attacker uses flashloan for arbitrage resulting in user interest loss

## Summary
There is a function [claimTokens](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L404-419) in Vault.sol. It harvests govToken from underlying protocols and swaps govToken with vaultCurrency from dex. The govToken of underlying protocol usually has multiple pairs in dex, which provides arbitrage opportunities for attacker.
## Vulnerability Detail
For example, assuming that there are three trading pairs: **XXX-DAI** and **XXX-WETH** and **WETH-USDC** in DEX, and the swap path used in Vault is **XXX-Weth-USDC**. The attacker has deployed **contract A**. All of the following operations are completed **in one transaction**:

1.  Contract A uses flashloan to borrow all the XXX token from XXX-DAI pair.
2.  Contract A swaps all the XXX token to the XXX-WETH pair to get WETH, which dumps XXX's price.
3.  Contract A calls Vault.claimtokens, the amount of WETH swapped is less than normal.
4.  Contract A swaps all WETH to the XXX-WETH pair to get XXX token.
5.  Contract A repays flashloan.

Finally, attacker will get some XXX token.
## Impact
This issue will **reduce** the interests of users. **All Claimable protocols** will be affected **in all chains**. **The bigger the amount of funds into protocol, the more Govtoken obtained, and the greater the profit of flashloan arbitrage**.
## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Add access check for claimToken function. At present, anyone can call it.
- Add a parameter minOutAmount for claimToken function. It prevents being frontrun by MEV.