Auditwolf

high

# unlocked tokens from basket remain to be allocated in protocols after they are unlocked

## Summary
it is required that when unlocking xavier tokens from basket they first have to be unallocated from protocols if they are still allocated. however, this is never checked.

## Vulnerability Detail
in the function _UnlockTockensFromBasket_  , tokenstounlock are supposed to be first checked if they are still allocated in protocols and if so they are to be unallocated. this is not the case since tokenstounlock are only calculated then transferred to the user.
## Impact
it will lead to loss of funds since the tokens are unlocked from the basket but they still continue to accrue rewards in protocols making user users receive rewards even if they already unlocked their tokens from the basket.

## Code Snippet
 /// @notice Function to unlock xaver tokens. If tokens are still allocated to protocols they first hevae to be unallocated.
  /// @param _basketId Basket ID (tokenID) in the BasketToken (NFT) contract.
  /// @param _unlockedTokenAmount Amount of derby tokens to unlock and send to the user.
  function unlockTokensFromBasket(uint256 _basketId, uint256 _unlockedTokenAmount) internal {
    uint256 tokensBurned = redeemNegativeRewards(_basketId, _unlockedTokenAmount);
    uint256 tokensToUnlock = _unlockedTokenAmount -= tokensBurned;

    uint256 balanceBefore = derbyToken.balanceOf(address(this));
    derbyToken.safeTransfer(msg.sender, tokensToUnlock);
    uint256 balanceAfter = derbyToken.balanceOf(address(this));

    require((balanceBefore - balanceAfter - tokensToUnlock) == 0, "Error unlock: under/overflow");
  }



## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
add an if condition to check whether tokenstounlock are still allocated in protocols before transferring them to the user. if they are still allocated they can be unallocated by deducting tokenstounlock in the nrofAllocatedtokens.
