rvierdiiev

medium

# rewards per locked token are calculated incorrectly, when vault is on after it was off for some time

## Summary
rewards per locked token are calculated incorrectly, when vault is on after it was off for some time. This happens, because `lastPrices` contains old value and was not updated during period, when vault was off.
## Vulnerability Detail
For playing the `Game` users receive rewards. 
Rewards are calculated separately for each provider on different chain.
`Vault.storePriceAndRewards` function is responsible for calculation of rewards for a provider.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L226-L245
```solidity
  function storePriceAndRewards(uint256 _totalUnderlying, uint256 _protocolId) internal {
    uint256 currentPrice = price(_protocolId);
    if (lastPrices[_protocolId] == 0) {
      lastPrices[_protocolId] = currentPrice;
      return;
    }


    int256 priceDiff = int256(currentPrice - lastPrices[_protocolId]);
    int256 nominator = (int256(_totalUnderlying * performanceFee) * priceDiff);
    int256 totalAllocatedTokensRounded = totalAllocatedTokens / 1E18;
    int256 denominator = totalAllocatedTokensRounded * int256(lastPrices[_protocolId]) * 100; // * 100 cause perfFee is in percentages


    if (totalAllocatedTokensRounded == 0) {
      rewardPerLockedToken[rebalancingPeriod][_protocolId] = 0;
    } else {
      rewardPerLockedToken[rebalancingPeriod][_protocolId] = nominator / denominator;
    }


    lastPrices[_protocolId] = currentPrice;
  }
```
This function actually checks the percentage of price changing from previous time when `storePriceAndRewards` was called, Every time it updates `lastPrices[_protocolId]`.

The problem is that when protocol is switched off, then `storePriceAndRewards` function is not called for some time and `lastPrices[_protocolId]` is not updated with fresh data. 
And then when protocol will be switched on again, `storePriceAndRewards` will be called, but it will use very old price in order to calculate price changing. As result that reward calculation will be wrong.

Example.
1.At cycle 10 lastPrices[_protocolId] is 1.1.
2.Vault has no more allocations and it's switched off.
3.At cycle 15 new allocations were send to vault. So it's switched on. lastPrices[_protocolId] inside vault is still 1.1, but actually it's 1.3 now.
4.When `storePriceAndRewards` is called to calculate rewards, new price is 1.4, then function sees that price has changed from 1.1 to 1.4, but actually it changed from 1.3 to 1.4.
5.As result wrong amount of rewards accrued for users that allocated to that provider.
## Impact
Wrong calculation of rewards
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When you set vault to on state, you need to update prices for all providers.