hyh

high

# Deposit and withdraw balance checks can be gamed by reentrancy in TruefiProvider, IdleProvider, YearnProvider, BetaProvider, CompoundProvider and AaveProvider

## Summary

All Providers use balance difference to determine the amount to return to a user, and call external token contract inbetween.

As this token contract is user supplied, while all withdraw and deposit functions allow for reentrancy, the precooked contract can perform multiple nested deposits (or withdrawals) and record one transfer to Provider balance many times.

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's take CompoundProvider's withdraw() case (which isn't vulnerable to the another issue of fake token contract just reporting precooked numbers).

withdraw() records real `_uToken` balance (it has to be real in order for attacker to benefit) and calls user supplied `_cToken` contract, which can calls withdraw() in a nested way again and again before any transfers are done. This way intial balance recorded is the same in all nested calls. But for the first call the balance difference is the sum of all amounts of the transfers made.

Say Bob the attacker transferred 1 token in one direct and one nested call. Nested call will record 1 as balance difference, while first direct call will record `1 + 1 = 2` tokens, so Bob be credited with `2 + 1 = 3` tokens in total for both calls, while having spent only 2 tokens.

## Impact

Any IERC20 tokens can be stolen from Provider balances fully this way.

Even if all these contracts aren't supposed to hold balances, there are a spectre of cases when they end up possesing some meaningful funds (accumulated residuals, additional rewards supplied from the markets, user operational mistakes and so forth), which are attributed to protocol users, but can be stolen this way.

## Code Snippet

withdraw() can be reentered on external `_cToken` call, which allows for double+ counting of the real `_uToken` that were transferred to the Provider contract as a result of interactions with `_cToken`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Providers/CompoundProvider.sol#L56-L84

```solidity
  function withdraw(
    uint256 _amount,
    address _cToken,
    address _uToken
  ) external override returns (uint256) {
    uint256 balanceBefore = IERC20(_uToken).balanceOf(msg.sender);

    uint256 balanceBeforeRedeem = IERC20(_uToken).balanceOf(address(this));

    require(
      ICToken(_cToken).transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount) == true,
      "Error: transferFrom"
    );
    // Compound redeem: 0 on success, otherwise an Error code
    require(ICToken(_cToken).redeem(_amount) == 0, "Error: compound redeem");

    uint256 balanceAfterRedeem = IERC20(_uToken).balanceOf(address(this));
    uint256 uTokensReceived = balanceAfterRedeem - balanceBeforeRedeem;

    IERC20(_uToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, uTokensReceived);

    uint256 balanceAfter = IERC20(_uToken).balanceOf(msg.sender);
    require(
      (balanceAfter - balanceBefore - uTokensReceived) == 0,
      "Error Withdraw: under/overflow"
    );

    return uTokensReceived;
  }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider making all deposit and withdraw functions in all Providers `nonReentrant`.