rvierdiiev

medium

# Vault can be frozen in case if underlying vault is hacked before `rebalance` call

## Summary
Vault can be frozen in case if underlying vault is hacked before `rebalance` call.
## Vulnerability Detail
In case of emergency, protocol will call `Vault.blacklistProtocol` function, which should blacklist protocol.
So suppose that before the step, when `Vault.rebalance` is called, one underlying vault was hacked. 
Then protocol team calls `Vault.blacklistProtocol` which will set protocol to blacklist.

Now, you can suppose that everything is fine, but it's not, as when `rebalance` will be called it will then [call `claimTokens`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L141).
And this function will claim tokens for all protocols, where [allocation is not 0](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L406-L417).
Because allocation for that protocol is not set to 0, when blacklisted, claiming can revert for some reasons(attacker already received all money from protocol). Note, that withdrawing, when blacklisting was successful. It is possible because some time has passed between `blacklistProtocol` and `rebalance` call, so attacker or admins can withdraw all funds from vault during that time. 

That means that `rebalance` will also revert and the vault will stuck.
## Impact
Vault can stuck.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When blacklisting protocol, set `currentAllocations` for it to 0.