Saeedalipoor01988

high

# The possibility of DoS error in the XProvider.xTransfer function

## Summary
XProvider.sol.xTransfer#L133 function gets used to transfer ERC20 asset from one chain to another chain, but because the address of the ERC20 asset is not the same in 2 chains, this can cause the call to this function to get reverted.

## Vulnerability Detail
when we make the call to the XProvider.sol.xTransfer#L133 function to transfer assets from chain A to chain B, we use the same address of ERC20 asset from chain A in chain B. for example USDC has not same address in different chains, so this can cause the call to this function to get reverted.

## Impact
when we want to Push funds from xChainController to vaults, we make a call to the XChainController.sol.sendFundsToVault function. One of the inputs in this function is _chain, the Chain id of the vault where the funds need to be sent. in this function, we extract the underlying address of the asset in the target chain at XChainController.sol#L421.

> address underlying = getUnderlyingAddress(_vaultNumber, _chain);

in the next line, in the source chain, **you get the balance of the XChainController contract for the underlying asset address ( address of asset in the target chain ).** 

> uint256 balance = IERC20(underlying).balanceOf(address(this));

in the next steps, in the source chain, you use the underlying address from the target chain to call safeIncreaseAllowance and transfer tokens to the XProvider contract. then we make the call to the xTransferToVaults from the XProvider contract and pass the underlying address from the target chain as the _asset address.

>   function xTransferToVaults(
>     address _vault,
>     uint32 _chainId,
>     uint256 _amount,
>     address _asset,
>     uint256 _slippage,
>     uint256 _relayerFee
>   ) external payable onlyController {
>     if (_chainId == homeChain) {
>       IVault(_vault).receiveFunds();
>       IERC20(_asset).transferFrom(msg.sender, _vault, _amount);
>     } else {
>       pushFeedbackToVault(_chainId, _vault, _relayerFee);
>       xTransfer(_asset, _amount, _vault, _chainId, _slippage, _relayerFee);
>     }
>   }

and from the xTransferToVaults, we make a call to the XProvider.sol.xTransfer#L133 function. 

>   function xTransfer(
>     address _token,
>     uint256 _amount,
>     address _recipient,
>     uint32 _destinationDomain,
>     uint256 _slippage,
>     uint256 _relayerFee
>   ) internal 
> 

this function makes calls to the ConnextMock.sol.xcall#L14 function to transfer assets to the _recipient address.

>     if (_asset != address(0)) IERC20(_asset).transferFrom(msg.sender, _to, _amount);
>     else
>       IXReceiver(_to).xReceive(
>         bytes32(""),
>         0,
>         address(0),
>         msg.sender,
>         domainLookup[msg.sender],
>         _callData
>       );

as you can see we are doing our job only with one address and using this address on the source chain and target chain. address of ERC20 tokens is not the same on different chains.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/XChainController.sol#L407
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/XChainController.sol#L421
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/XChainController.sol#L426
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/XChainController.sol#L431
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/XProvider.sol#L155
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Mocks/Connext/ConnextMock.sol#L23

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
store the address of erc20 tokens on the chains in the mapping and use them if need.