foxb868

high

# `MainVault` Smart Contract Integer Overflow and Division by Zero.

## Summary


## Vulnerability Detail
`MainVault` contract has integer overflow and division by zero vulnerabilities due to the use of arithmetic operations without checking for overflow/underflow conditions., Specifically in the `deposit()` function, the code calculates the amount of shares to mint without checking if the amount is greater than the maximum value that can be represented by a uint256. 
Similarly, if "exchangeRate" is zero, a division by zero error will occur.

    shares = (amount * (10 ** decimals())) / exchangeRate;

If the value of amount is greater than the maximum value that can be represented by a uint256, an integer overflow will occur, which can result in incorrect share calculations. Similarly, if exchangeRate is zero, a division by zero error will occur.

## Impact
An attacker can exploit the integer overflow vulnerability to perform a deposit that results in an incorrect share calculation, this can lead to incorrect rewards distribution and loss of funds. 
Additionally, a division by zero error due to an exchange rate of zero can lead to a contract malfunction.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/MainVault.sol#L121

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add checks for overflow/underflow conditions in arithmetic operations to prevent the integer overflow vulnerability, use a SafeMath library to perform calculations on "uint256 variables". 
Additionally, add a check for the exchange rate to ensure that it is not zero before performing the calculation. 