foxb868

high

# Denial of Service (DoS) vulnerability in Token Time-Lock contract.

## Summary
`TokenTimelock` contract uses the "require" statement to validate inputs and state conditions, However, an attacker can abuse this validation mechanism to perform a Denial of Service (DoS) attack by repeatedly calling the "release" function with invalid inputs. This will cause the contract to revert and consume all gas, rendering the contract unusable.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
  function release() external onlyBeneficiary {
    require(initialized, "!initialized");
    uint256 amount = claimableTokens();
    require(amount > 0, "Nothing to claim");


    claimed += amount;


    token.safeTransfer(beneficiary, amount);
  }
}
```
An attacker could repeatedly call the `release` function with invalid inputs, causing the `require` statements to fail and consuming all gas. This could lead to a Denial of Service (DoS) attack.

The "release" function can only be called by the beneficiary of the token time-lock contract. Therefore, an attacker would need to gain control of the beneficiary address or create a fake beneficiary address to call the function. Once an attacker has control of the beneficiary address, they can repeatedly call the "release" function with invalid inputs, such as calling it when there are no claimable tokens available.

Each time the function is called with invalid inputs, the function will revert, and all gas consumed in the transaction will be lost. This can cause the contract to run out of gas and become unavailable for legitimate users, effectively performing a Denial of Service (DoS) attack.

## Impact
It can cause a complete denial of service attack on the `TokenTimelock`, An attacker can perform a "DoS attack" by sending multiple invalid inputs to the "release" function.
This will result in the contract reverting and consuming all gas, rendering the contract unusable, the impact can be severe as it can affect the `timelocked` tokens and the ability to transfer them to the beneficiary.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/TokenTimelock.sol#L72-L81

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a circuit breaker mechanism or gas limits, this will prevent the attacker from performing a DoS attack on the contract. Additionally, the "require" statement can be replaced with "if" statement to check for invalid inputs, this will prevent the contract from reverting and consuming all gas.