foxb868

medium

# Allowing contract to call restricted function xReceive, posing a risk of unintended consequences or loss.

## Summary
The current implementation of the `xReceive` function in the `XProvider` contract includes a modifier named `onlySelf`, which is intended to restrict access to the function to the `Connext` contract only, However due to the implementation of the modifier, the contract itself is also allowed to call the function, this can lead to unauthorized access to the function and create a security vulnerability.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
  modifier onlySelf() {
    require(msg.sender == address(this), "xProvider: only Self");
    _;
  }
```

This modifier is used to restrict access to the `xReceive` function to only the contract itself and the Connext contract. However, as it stands, it also allows the contract itself to call the `xReceive` function, which is not the intended behavior. This can create a vulnerability, as it could potentially allow malicious actors to exploit the function in unintended ways.

The `xReceive` function is a function that is intended to be only accessible to `Connext`, a trusted third-party, but due to an oversight in the code, the `onlySelf` modifier allows the contract itself to call the function.
This vulnerability creates the potential for an attacker to exploit the function by calling it directly from the contract itself.

In particular, the vulnerability stems from the fact that there is only a single function, and only one modifier used to differentiate between the two entities that are allowed to call it "(Connext and the contract itself)". Instead, two separate functions should be created to differentiate between the two, one that can only be called by Connext and another that can only be called by the contract itself, this would prevent any unauthorized parties from calling the function and provide a more secure implementation of the contract.

## Impact
An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to gain unauthorized access to the `xReceive` function and perform unauthorized actions such as transferring funds to a destination not approved by the `Connext` contract, disrupting the functioning of the contract, and causing financial losses to the users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/XProvider.sol#L65-L68

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend removing the `onlySelf` modifier and creating two separate functions, one for Connext and another for the contract itself.
The `xReceive` function should be modified to include only the `onlySource` modifier, which ensures that only trusted remote Connext contracts can access the function.