foxb868

high

# Negative Value Exploit in Withdraw Function of Contract.

## Summary
The withdraw function in the "IdleProvider" contract allows for negative values of the variable `uTokensReceived` to be transferred to a user, this occurs because the function does not validate the value of `uTokensReceived` to ensure it is not negative. This can be exploited by an attacker to steal funds from the system.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
    uint256 uTokensReceived = balanceAfterRedeem - balanceBeforeRedeem;
```
The function does not validate the `uTokensReceived` variable to ensure it is not negative, which could happen if the value of `balanceBeforeRedeem` is greater than `balanceAfterRedeem`. This would result in `uTokensReceived` having a negative value, which could cause issues when the function later attempts to transfer tokens based on this value.

The withdraw function of the provided contract does not validate the `uTokensReceived` variable to ensure it is not negative. This can be a serious vulnerability if an attacker can manipulate this variable to force the contract to transfer more tokens than it should.

Here's how it can be exploited:

1. An attacker calls the deposit function to deposit a small amount of tokens into the contract and receives some `tTokens` in exchange.
2. The attacker then calls the withdraw function with a large value for the `_amount` parameter, larger than the actual balance held by the contract.
3. The contract transfers the tTokens to the attacker as expected, but then calculates `uTokensReceived` as a negative number due to the insufficient balance, and transfers the absolute value of that negative number of tokens to the attacker, as a result, the attacker receives more tokens than they deposited.

## Impact
An attacker can use this vulnerability to withdraw more funds than they should be able to from the `IdleProvider`, this would result in a negative balance for the contract, and the attacker would be able to steal funds from the system. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Providers/IdleProvider.sol#L66

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The withdraw function should include a check to ensure that `uTokensReceived` is not negative before continuing with the token transfer.
The check should be added to the withdraw function. If the value of `uTokensReceived` is negative, the function should revert and the transaction should be cancelled.

```solidity
    function withdraw(
    uint256 _amount,
    address _iToken,
    address _uToken
  ) external override returns (uint256) {
    uint256 balanceBefore = IERC20(_uToken).balanceOf(msg.sender);


    uint256 balanceBeforeRedeem = IERC20(_uToken).balanceOf(address(this));


    require(
      IIdle(_iToken).transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount) == true,
      "Error: transferFrom"
    );
    IIdle(_iToken).redeemIdleToken(_amount);


    uint256 balanceAfterRedeem = IERC20(_uToken).balanceOf(address(this));
    uint256 uTokensReceived = balanceAfterRedeem - balanceBeforeRedeem;

  + require(uTokensReceived >= 0, "Error: negative uTokensReceived value");

    IERC20(_uToken).safeTransfer(msg.sender, uTokensReceived);


    uint256 balanceAfter = IERC20(_uToken).balanceOf(msg.sender);
    require(
      (balanceAfter - balanceBefore - uTokensReceived) == 0,
      "Error Withdraw: under/overflow"
    );


    return uTokensReceived;
  }
```