Jeiwan

high

# Incorrect underlying balance calculation disrupts accounting of funds deposited to Compound

## Summary
`CompoundProvider.balanceUnderlying` incorrectly computes decimals of the underlying token balance resulting in amounts that are 100 times bigger than real ones. Accounting of funds deposited to Compound will be disrupted, as a result.
## Vulnerability Detail
The Derby protocol allows users to deposit funds to third-party protocols to earn passive yield. One of such protocols is Compound: funds deposited to Compound earn interest collected from borrowers who borrow the funds. Due to accruing of interest, the exchange rate of cTokens increases over time: for example, 1 cToken can be exchange for 1.01 underlying token after some time.

To calculate the amount of underlying tokens (USDC) deposited to Compound, the [CompoundProvider.balanceUnderlying] function is used. The function reads the current balance of cTokens of a vault, the exchange rate between the cToken and the underlying token, and calculates the amount of deposited tokens by multiplying the balance of cTokens and the exchange rate. However, the function incorrectly handles decimals: the [exchange rate always has 18 decimals](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol/blob/master/contracts/CToken.sol#L272), however the functions suggests that:
> The returned exchange rate from comp is scaled by 1 * 10^(18 - 8 + Underlying Token Decimals)

Consider this example:
1. Let's assume that a vault holds 100 cTokens ([all cTokens use 8 decimals](https://docs.compound.finance/v2/#ctoken-and-underlying-decimals)) and the current exchange rate is 227640212603891.
1. The underlying token is USDC, which has 6 decimals
1. Using the logic of `balanceUnderlying`, we get: `(balanceShares * price) / 10 ** (10 + decimals) = (100e8 * 227640212603891) / (10 ** (10 + 6)) ≈ 227640212`.
1. However, using the logic of Compound ([redeemAmount](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol/blob/master/contracts/CToken.sol#L496) and [mul_ScalarTruncate](https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol/blob/a3214f67b73310d547e00fc578e8355911c9d376/contracts/ExponentialNoError.sol#L29-L40)), we get: `(balanceShares * price) / 1e18 = (100e8 * 227640212603891) / 1e18 ≈ 2276402`. As you can see, the correct amount is 100 smaller than the one returned by `CompoundProvider.balanceUnderlying`.
## Impact
Accounting of funds deposited to Compound will be disrupted as a result of incorrect handing of decimals when calculating the underlying balance of Compound.
## Code Snippet
1. `balanceUnderlying`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Providers/CompoundProvider.sol#L90
1. `redeemFresh` can be used as a reference implementation:
https://github.com/compound-finance/compound-protocol/blob/master/contracts/CToken.sol#L496
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
Consider this change:
```diff
diff --git a/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Providers/CompoundProvider.sol b/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Providers/CompoundProvider.sol
index 591c5c4..d346f9b 100644
--- a/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Providers/CompoundProvider.sol
+++ b/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Providers/CompoundProvider.sol
@@ -92,11 +92,9 @@ contract CompoundProvider is IProvider {
     address _cToken
   ) public view override returns (uint256) {
     uint256 balanceShares = balance(_address, _cToken);
-    // The returned exchange rate from comp is scaled by 1 * 10^(18 - 8 + Underlying Token Decimals).
     uint256 price = exchangeRate(_cToken);
-    uint256 decimals = IERC20Metadata(ICToken(_cToken).underlying()).decimals();

-    return (balanceShares * price) / 10 ** (10 + decimals);
+    return (balanceShares * price) / 1e18;
   }
```

Also, consider a similar fix in `CompoundProvider.calcShares`.