tives

medium

# Quoter should not be called on chain due to high gas usage.

## Summary

`claimTokens` calls Quoter and this is not recommended because it calls storage functions and uses a lot of gas.

## Vulnerability Detail

From the UniV3 documentation

> However, the Uniswap V3 Quoter contracts rely on state-changing calls designed to be reverted to return the desired data. This means calling the quoter will be very expensive and **should not be called on-chain**.
> 

The Quoter function is called in `Swap.swapTokensMulti`

```solidity
uint256 amountOutMinimum = IQuoter(_uniswap.quoter).quoteExactInput(
  abi.encodePacked(_swap.tokenIn, _uniswap.poolFee, WETH, _uniswap.poolFee, _swap.tokenOut),
  _swap.amount
);
```

Current gas usage: 524_052. If you remove this function, gas use is reduced to 382_690

```solidity
Testing VaultSwap, unit test
    ✓ Claim function in vault should claim COMP and sell for more then minAmountOut in USDC

|  MainVaultMock  ·  claimTokens   ...  524052  

with off chain Quoter:
|  MainVaultMock  ·  claimTokens   ...   382690
```

You will probably not run into block gas limit because with 30 million gas limit you could add at least 57 protocols. However, this transaction comes quite costly for the user.

524k gas for 40 gwei is 0.02 eth.(524000 * 40000000000). If you add 10 protocols, this price will be even higher. Without calling the quoteExact, you could save the user ~30% of ETH.

## Impact

User pays for unnecessary gas when claiming tokens.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
uint256 amountOutMinimum = IQuoter(_uniswap.quoter).quoteExactInput(
  abi.encodePacked(_swap.tokenIn, _uniswap.poolFee, WETH, _uniswap.poolFee, _swap.tokenOut),
  _swap.amount
);
```

[link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/libraries/Swap.sol/#L71-L74)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use the `callStatic` function off-chain to get the quote before calling the on-chain function. `callStatic` submits a state-changing transaction to an Ethereum node, but asks the node to simulate the state change, rather than to execute it. Then use this quote in `claimTokens`/`withdrawRewards` functions. [Read more](https://docs.uniswap.org/sdk/v3/guides/quoting#referencing-the-quoter-contract-and-getting-a-quote)