Bobface

high

# Too tight slippage on stablecoin swaps can lead to DoS

## Summary
The [`Vault`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L15) swaps between stablecoins when depositing into or withdrawing from an underlying protocol. The slippage on this swap is set too tight, leading to the swap to potentially revert and the system to stop functioning properly. 

## Vulnerability Detail
When funds are deposited into an underlying protocol using [`depositInProtocol`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L282) or withdrawn from an underlying protocol using [`withdrawFromProtocol`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L307), the `Vault` contract swaps the involved stablecoins on Curve using [`Swap.swapStableCoins`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/libraries/Swap.sol#L36). 

The issue is that this function sets the expected output amount too tight, where the output amount must at least be the input amount minus swap fees:
```solidity
// libraries/Swap.sol @ function swapStableCoins

uint256 amountOutMin = (((_swap.amount * (10000 - _curve.poolFee)) / 10000) * _tokenOutUScale) /
      _tokenInUScale;

// ...

IStableSwap3Pool(_curve.pool).exchange(
    _curve.indexTokenIn,
    _curve.indexTokenOut,
    _swap.amount,
    amountOutMin
);
```

The values involved are:
- `swap.amount`: The input amount.
- `curve.poolFee`: The swap fee.
- `tokenOutUScale`: The decimal scale of the output token. For example, for a 18 decimal token this will be `1e18`.
- `tokenInUScale`: Same as `tokenOutUScale` for the input token.

For example, swapping 100 `USDC` to `USDT`, both with 6 decimals, at a 0.4% Curve swap fee would result in `amountOutMin = (100e6 * (10000 - 40) / 10000) * 1e6 / 1e6 = 99.6e6`.

This means that the output tokens must be worth at least as much as the input tokens. Otherwise, the swap will fail. Thus, for the swap to work in both directions (on `depositInProtocol` and `withdrawFromProtocol`), the pool would need to be at an **exact** 1:1 ratio.

Even with stablecoins this is very unlikely to be the case, there will always be minor differences in price. For example, when swapping `1_000_000` USDT to `1_000_001` USDC, the swap will work, but it will fail when swapping `1_000_000` USDC to `999_999` USDT (ignoring swap fee for demonstration here). 


## Impact
The swap failing will cause the entire transaction to revert.

When it fails in `depositInProtocol`, which is called during [`rebalance()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L147), the vault is stuck in the rebalancing phase and users cannot withdraw funds anymore. The guardian could not save the contract from being stuck here, since he could only restart the rebalancing process, but it would end up failing at `rebalance` again.

When it fails in `withdrawFromProtocol`, which is also called during rebalancing in [`rebalance()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L150) and [`rebalanceCheckProtocols()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L199), the same DoS issue as described above would happen. Additionally, blacklisting protocols would also stop working, as funds are withdrawn and swapped from the protocol upon blacklisting it in [`blacklistProtocol`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L477).

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Since this swap exclusively deals with USD stablecoins, add a parameter which allows for a small amount of slippage:
```solidity
// libraries/Swap.sol @ function swapStableCoins

uint256 amountOutMin = (((_swap.amount * (10000 - _curve.poolFee)) / 10000) * _tokenOutUScale) /
      _tokenInUScale;

// For example, MAX_SLIPPAGE = 9_950 for 0.5%
amountOutMin = amountOutMin * MAX_SLIPPAGE / 10_000;
```


## Code Snippet
See bug description above.