foxb868

high

# Front-running vulnerability in calcShares function due to fixed exchange rate

## Summary
`calcShares` function in the "AaveProvider" contract does not consider the current market price of the token while calculating the number of shares, it can be exploited by attackers to conduct front-running attacks and manipulate the token's price before the transaction is executed to their advantage.

## Vulnerability Detail
Specifically occurs in the `calcShares` function at this line:
```solidity
    uint256 shares = _amount / exchangeRate(_aToken);
```
It calculates the number of shares that are equal to the `_amount` passed in as a parameter, However, it does not take into account the current market price of the token, which could lead to potential front-running attacks where attackers can manipulate the price of the token before the transaction is executed to their advantage.

The `calcShares` function divides the `_amount` parameter by the "exchangeRate" function to calculate the number of shares.
However, the "exchangeRate" function always returns 1, which means that the number of shares returned by the `calcShares` function is directly proportional to the amount of the token, regardless of its market price.

For example, suppose the attacker can artificially increase the price of the token by buying a large amount of it just before the transaction is executed. In that case, the `calcShares` function will return a higher number of shares than it should, resulting in the attacker receiving more shares than they would have if the price had been accurate.

## Impact
An attacker can use this vulnerability to manipulate the market price of the token, leading to financial losses for other users. As the `calcShares` function is a public function, any user can call this function and trigger a front-running attack. This vulnerability can compromise the entire system's security, leading to reputational damage and financial losses.

## Code Snippet 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Providers/AaveProvider.sol#L94

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The `calcShares` function should take into account the current market price of the token, oOne possible solution would be to use an Oracle to obtain the current market price of the token and adjust the calculation of the number of shares accordingly.