immeas

high

# allocations to a blacklisted protocol will stop rebalancing

## Summary
A user can allocate tokens to a blacklisted protocol which will break rebalancing in step 6 (Game pushes deltaAllocations to vaults).

## Vulnerability Detail
If the `guardian` for any reason need to blacklist a protocol they call `blacklistProtocol` on the vault which withdraws all funds from it and adds it to the blacklist.

This also prevents future allocations to that protocol by ignorning allocations to it in step 7 `rebalance`.

However in step 6 when the game pushes allocations, there can be no allocations to the blacklisted vault as that will revert the transaction:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L397

This requires all game users to remove their allocations from the blacklisted protocol. And even then, a malicious game user could always allocate some dust to the blacklisted protocol completely blocking any rebalance.

## Impact
If a protocol is blacklisted all users must remove their allocations from that protocol before the rebalance process can continue. Event then, a malicious user can grief the whole rebalance and game setup by allocating dust to that protocol. There's nothing the `guardian` can do about it other than putting the blacklisted vault back in.

Since this breaks the rebalance process this will stop rewards being paid out and `withdrawalRequests` from happening, locking users funds in the vault.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L397

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend, instead of reverting, ignore any allocations to blacklisted protocols:
```diff
diff --git a/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol b/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol
index ac9020d..0804f8f 100644
--- a/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol
+++ b/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol
@@ -394,9 +394,10 @@ contract Vault is ReentrancyGuard {
   /// @param _protocolNum Protocol number linked to an underlying vault e.g compound_usdc_01
   /// @param _allocation Delta allocation in tokens
   function setDeltaAllocationsInt(uint256 _protocolNum, int256 _allocation) internal {
-    require(!controller.getProtocolBlacklist(vaultNumber, _protocolNum), "Protocol on blacklist");
-    deltaAllocations[_protocolNum] += _allocation;
-    deltaAllocatedTokens += _allocation;
+    if(!controller.getProtocolBlacklist(vaultNumber, _protocolNum)) {
+      deltaAllocations[_protocolNum] += _allocation;
+      deltaAllocatedTokens += _allocation;
+    }
   }

```
That would align the behavior with how `Vault::rebalance` works.