rvierdiiev

high

# Vault thinks that all stable coins have same cost

## Summary
Vault thinks that all stable coins have same cost. Because of that underlying calculation is not accurate and in case if some stable coin will depeg, then vault will have big problems.
## Vulnerability Detail
Every time when Vault calculates underlying balance(balance that is inside providers), then `setTotalUnderlying` function is called.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-derby/blob/main/derby-yield-optimiser/contracts/Vault.sol#L339-L347
```solidity
      function setTotalUnderlying() public {
    uint totalUnderlying;
    uint256 latestID = controller.latestProtocolId(vaultNumber);
    for (uint i = 0; i < latestID; i++) {
      if (currentAllocations[i] == 0) continue;
      totalUnderlying += balanceUnderlying(i);
    }
    savedTotalUnderlying = totalUnderlying;
  }


  /// @notice Get balance in VaultCurrency in underlying protocol
  /// @param _protocolNum Protocol number linked to an underlying protocol e.g compound_usdc_01
  /// @return Balance in VaultCurrency e.g USDC
  function balanceUnderlying(uint256 _protocolNum) public view returns (uint256) {
    IController.ProtocolInfoS memory protocol = controller.getProtocolInfo(
      vaultNumber,
      _protocolNum
    );
    uint256 underlyingBalance = (IProvider(protocol.provider).balanceUnderlying(
      address(this),
      protocol.LPToken
    ) * uScale) / protocol.uScale;
    return underlyingBalance;
  }
```
As you can see, this function calculates underlying amount for each provider and then adds it to `totalUnderlying` variable.
`balanceUnderlying` is just taking balance of vault in uderlying token of provider and then converts that value to `vaultCurrency` token.
The problem is that provider can have underlying token that is not same as `vaultCurrency` token. That means that while `vaultCurrency` is usdc, providers can be in dai, usdt, usdc.
But protocol handles all this underlying tokens as same and the price for them is also same. It doesn't convert underlying amount to `vaultCurrency`. Because of that underlying calculations are not accurate.

But the bigger problem is that some stable coin can depeg from usd(for example dai). In this case, calculations will be totally incorrect and this can make system in not working or insolvent state.
## Impact
Calculations of underlying amount is wrong.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You need to convert underlying balance of provider to vaultCurrency.